[Feature] Support training on a single channel image dataset. (#460)
open-mmlab/mmyolo: docs/en/common_usage/single_multi_channel_applications.md.md

# Single and multi-channel application examples

## Training example on a single-channel image dataset

The default training images in MMYOLO are all color three-channel data. If you want to use a single-channel dataset for training and testing, it is expected that the following modifications are needed.

1. All image processing pipelines have to support single channel operations
2. The input channel of the first convolutional layer of the backbone network of the model needs to be changed from 3 to 1
3. If you wish to load COCO pre-training weights, you need to handle the first convolutional layer weight size mismatch

The following uses the `cat` dataset as an example to describe the entire modification process, if you are using a custom grayscale image dataset, you can skip the dataset preprocessing step.

### 1 Dataset pre-processing

> The processing training of the custom dataset can be found in [Annotation-to-deployment workflow for custom dataset](../user_guides/custom_dataset.md)。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The processing training of the custom dataset can be found in [Annotation-to-deployment workflow for custom dataset](../recommended_topics/labeling_to_deployment_tutorials.md)。
```
